hey guys I'm back from Paris Paris was
really fun because I got to go to
Starbucks but I'm happy to be back cuz
I've already been super productive for
example today when I was skyping with my
boss accidentally sending a naked
picture it wasn't me I mean I keep I
keep my naked pictures in a folder on
his computer I've gotten lots of great
prompts for the march madness and by
great I mean rude one girl was like
doing makeup tutorial because it's
amazing hike novel full face of makeup
without looking like a clown and I'm
like that's really offensive because I
try very hard look like a clown another
one was like dude dancing tutorial
because you're sexy and hilarious the
same time I'm like what's hilarious
about being a really good dancer the
most important thing about dancing is
the music meaning you need to dance
according to music is playing cuz
otherwise you look like a dumbass or
just like a white person why people
haven't been cool since sabrina the
teenage witch got cancelled
I min ago don't reason why anybody
dances is to have people would have sex
you've got it you've got a dancing is
like by language talking you're saying
like come
and then this movement is like I'm
having fun
this movement shows you're good at sex
can't tell me
22 you can't
oh my god some sexy moves on the dance
floor are like rubbing your hips your
childbearing hips and like rubbing your
boobs to be like I can feed and and give
birth to the baby that you want to put
inside of me tonight because I'm gonna
poke holes in the cocktails just kidding
nobody uses honey my roommates are
asleep and i'm pretty sure they're like
already mad at me because when I use the
bathroom I fart really loudly other
leaks a lot and by far to me masturbate
and by masturbate I mean get really bad
diarrhea and it's none of your dancing
skills seem to be paying off just take
your clothes off